thumbnail: Add a data-original-dimensions attribute (#31041)
zulip/zulip: api_docs/message-formatting.md

mentions][help-global-time] to supported Markdown message formatting
features.

## Image previews

When a Zulip message is sent linking to an uploaded image, Zulip will
generate an image preview element with the following format.

``` html
<div class="message_inline_image">
    <a href="/user_uploads/path/to/image.png" title="image.png">
        <img data-original-dimensions="1920x1080"
          src="/user_uploads/thumbnail/path/to/image.png/840x560.webp">
     </a>
</div>
```

If the server has not yet generated thumbnails for the image yet at
the time the message is sent, the `img` element will be a temporary
loading indicator image and have the `image-loading-placeholder`
class, which clients can use to identify loading indicators and

> replace them with a custom loading indicator element if desired. For

Author: ```suggestion
replace them with a more native loading indicator element if desired. For
```
?

example:

``` html
<div class="message_inline_image">
    <a href="/user_uploads/path/to/image.png" title="image.png">
        <img class="image-loading-placeholder" src="/path/to/spinner.png">

>      </a>

Author: ```suggestion
    </a>
```

</div>
```

Once the server has a working thumbnail, such messages will be updated
via an `update_message` event, with the `rendering_only: true` flag
(telling clients not to adjust message edit history), with appropriate
adjusted `rendered_content`. A client should process those events by
just using the updated rendering. If thumbnailing failed, the same
type of event will edit the message's rendered form to remove the
image preview element, so no special client-side logic should be
required to process such errors.

Note that in the uncommon situation that the thumbnailing system is
backlogged, an individual message containing multiple image previews

> may be rerendered multiple times as each image finishes thumbnailing

Author: ```suggestion
may be re-rendered multiple times as each image finishes thumbnailing
```

  portion of the `register` response. Clients should not make any
  assumptions about what format the server will use as the "default"
  thumbnail resolution.
- Download button type elements should provide the original image
  (encoded via the `href` of the containing `a` tag).
- Lightbox elements for viewing an image should be designed to
  immediately display any already-downloaded thumbnail while fetching
  the original-quality image or an appropriate higher-quality
  thumbnail from the server, to be transparently swapped in once it is
  available. Clients that would like to size the lightbox based on the
  size of the original image can use the `data-original-dimensions`
  attribute, which encodes the dimensions of the original image as
  `{width}x{height}`, to do so.
- Animated images will have a `data-animated` attribute on the `img`
  tag. As detailed in `server_thumbnail_formats`, both animated and
  still images are available for clients to use, depending on their
  preference. See, for example, the [web
  setting](/help/allow-image-link-previews#configure-how-animated-images-are-played)
  to control whether animated images are autoplayed in the message
  feed.

> - No other processing of the URLs is recommended.

Author: I think we should probably document that in rare cases, the image returned may not match the requested format (e.g. dimensions, file format, etc).  In the current protocol, this is only possible if:
- The client has a list of formats [A, B, C]
- The server updates to formats [B, C]
- A message is sent, and generates only thumbnails in [B, C]
- The client requests format A for that message

Reviewer: Yeah, that sounds correct.
